#Introduction
The 2016 election was certainly not an ordinary presidential race. Fueled by various different factors, this supercharged election was pivotal and showed a lot about the political situation in the U.S. For years, political scholars have pondered the question of how true of a democracy we have in America. Many theorize that perhaps positions that are favored among voters don't always come into law. I don't think this example is any more clear than in the case of healthcare.

Healthcare seems to be an obvious essential human need as it can prevent you from dying. However, America is one only major country in the world that does not guarantee healthcare as a right to its citizens, and as a result millions are uninsured. Being uninsured obviously implies that you will be less healthy in general or will end up having to pay a ton of money out of pocket. Consequentially, we hope to inform the U.S. voting population of how voting could possibly save their life as we look at this question from a healthcare perspective. 

During prior research, our team had discovered that it appeared that a lot of people were voting against their best interest: those who were covered most seemed to be the ones to vote the most for the person who was going to repeal Obamacare. On the flipside, populations that weren't covered seemed to be the ones that for some odd reason, supported it. This was just one example, we knew that there was more interesting cases out there, so we investigated.

#Methods
##d3 Non-Contiguous Cartogram
This visualization uses two, arguably three different encoding schemes to demonstrate a relationship between two variables. The three encoding schemes are: 1) Position, 2) Area/size, 3) Color. It uses position to represent which state is which (along with shape too), area/size to represent a scale from low premium growth rate being a small sized state, to a high premium growth rate being a big (normal sized) state. Finally, it uses color to represent voting proportions in the 2016 election, with blue being the most Democratic voting state, to red being the most Republican voting state.

Data was collected from two sources: The American Presidency Project (http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/showelection.php?year=2016), and the Department of Health & Human Services (https://aspe.hhs.gov/compilation-state-data-affordable-care-act). The data provided us with the ability to create state level information about peoples' healthcare coverage premium cost percent increase between 2010 and 2015. We were able to merge that information with state-level voting data from the 2016 election, thus allowing us to draw the comparison between the two variables.

#Results
##d3 Non-Contiguous Cartogram
From the Non-Contiguous Cartogram (which just means a cartogram but the objects are fixed to their original coordinate), we can draw some interesting conclusions. It looks like Idaho, Montana, and Alaska had some of the highest insurance premium growths over the 5 year, with over Idaho being the highest at 8%. Suprisingly, all three of those states are extremely red, including Idaho which only got 27.5% of the populus voting democratic.

On the other hand, there are a lot of really small states that are deeply blue. This means that states that voted for Clinton also tended to have lower premium insurance rate hikes over the last 5 years. It also appears that states that were purple also had an average interest rate hike. This means we can draw a mild correlation between how your state votes and the kind of insurance rate hikes you would expect to see in 2010-2015. If your state voted blue, good news your insurance rates are low. If your state is purple, at least your rates didn't go up the highest. And finally, if you are in a red state, at least you are happy that Trump won, not so much about your insurance premium rates.

#Discussion
#d3 Non-Contiguous Cartogram
In this visualization, we saw how even states that had the highest insurance rate premium growth still seemed content on the guy who would make healthcare more expensive for those who are uninsured now because of financial reasons. This means that even something as important as healthcare premium rates, which is very important for healthcare won't swing important states in elections. Or perhaps healthcare does have a big impact and it is what is drawing these states to being purple and contested. Idaho, Wyoming, Oklahoma, are all extremely red states, yet have uninsured rates of almost 15% or higher. You would think that people who are uninsured in those states might be in favor of a Democratic Healthcare plan if they cannot current afford healthcare in 2010, however that doesn't seem to be an issue with voters in those states. More research should be done to investigate why so many voters are voting against their best interests.